----------------------------------------------------------------------
  GrandPerspective, GRANDPERSPECTIVE_SOFTWARE_VERSION
----------------------------------------------------------------------

* INTRODUCTION

GrandPerspective is a small utility for Mac OS X that can draw two-
dimensional views of disk use within a file system. This can help you
to manage your disk, as you can easily spot which files and folders
take up the most space.

The graphical representation is a logical one, where each file is
shown as a rectangle with an area proportional to the file's size.
Files in the same folder appear together, but other than that the
placement of files is arbitrary. You can observe this by resizing the
view window. The location of files will change, in order to keep the
rectangles as square as possible.


* SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

  - Mac OS X, 10.3 or higher
  - PowerPC or Intel processor


* CONTENTS

This version of GrandPerspective is released as three separate files:

  * GrandPerspective-GRANDPERSPECTIVE_SOFTWARE_VERSION_ID.dmg
 
      This is the main release file. It contains all you need to run
      the application. To install the application, open the disk 
      image and drag the application icon onto your Applications
      folder, or wher'ever you want to put it onto your file system.
      Next, run the application by clicking on the icon.

  * GrandPerspective-GRANDPERSPECTIVE_SOFTWARE_VERSION_ID-src.tgz

      This contains the source code of the application. It consists of
      the Objective C source code, as well as various auxiliary files,
      such as the nib files that are used to construct the GUI.

  * GrandPerspective-GRANDPERSPECTIVE_SOFTWARE_VERSION_ID-local.dmg
 
      This is the localized version of GrandPerspective. It includes
      support for languages other than English. The translations have 
      been provided by various users of GrandPerspective. See the
      GrandPerspective website for details on how you can help out to 
      make the application available in your mother tongue.

      Note: The localized version of GrandPerpective is typically 
      released a short while after the main release in order for the
      localized resources to be updated as necessary.


* LICENSE

The GrandPerspective application has been released as Open Source 
under the GNU General Public License. See COPYING.txt for details.


* THE WEBSITE

For more information about the application, please visit the website
at http://grandperspectiv.sourceforge.net. From there, you can 
download the latest release of the software. It is also possible to
report bugs, make a donation, suggest additional features, provide 
more general feedback, etc.


* CREDITS

Special thanks to all that have provided localizations of the 
application: Chris Li, Maxime Hadjinlian, Javier Alfonso and Helge 
Baumann.

Many thanks to everyone that has shown support by making donations. 
They have been used to fund the required upgrade to Leopard, which has 
enabled me to build Universal Binaries.

Also thanks to Martin Kahr who made Universal Binaries available for
early releases of GrandPerspective, and to Craig Hughes who helped me
early on to make the source code Intel-compatible.

Thanks to Miles Ponson (iTweek) for providing the free set of "knobs"
icons, two of which I used for the toolbar (the images for the Reveal
and Delete actions to be precise; the Open icon is my own concoction).

Thanks to the many users that have reported bugs and suggested
improvements. This has definitely made the application better than it
would otherwise have been. Lucky0 deserves a special mention for the 
amount of useful feedback given. 

Finally thanks to all that have helped to get the word out about the
application. Developing the application may be fun, but having actual
users makes it worthwhile.


* CONTACT DETAILS

The GrandPerspective application has been developed by Erwin Bonsma.
Please visit the website at http://grandperspectiv.sourceforge.net for
details on how to contact me.

